agree atiyya
then the nati pulpit keeps I put the
stick at best ok ok so that's it
normally he is stable he turns
can not turn a drone if it
back what is a big fat big
problem
you can go back and we're going to go
wait a bit so you see the fact
than propellers that are curved like
it's okay it's good to be in position
gps
so we get the gps here gps
normally he has to stay there he has
more moved there
he has problems to lighten the gps
with this race there is the mother of
so young man has there the gps works
it's a logistics park in you
here we are
there I fly without gps in normal ati mode
now how free kicks
adjusted loss nothing ah yeah he does not like
not
well you see he's flying well so there it
then go now work the fair
no I do not you go so much now
that kills me is really a terry
very sensitive object to land as
a flower is cut off from the world gently
here I see the thing is that for
whether
in the light behind whore what is it
who has himself who skis